bpo-40014: Skip os.getgrouplist related test if OSError is raised. (#19075)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Tests/2020-03-20-01-12-30.bpo-40014.h9SHIQ.rst

Skip adding :func:`~os.getgrouplist` information during pythoninfo test. if

> :exc:`OSError` is raised. Patch by Dong-hee Na.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
test.pythoninfo: skip :func:`~os.getgrouplist` if it raises an :exc:`OSError`.
Patch by Dong-hee Na.
```
